Documentation: Add Support for Running XCTest Plans on Sauce Labs Real Devices (#3087)
saucelabs/sauce-docs: docs/mobile-apps/features/xctest-plan.md

---
id: xctest-plan

> title: Run XCTest plans on SauceLabs

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: Run XCTest plans on Sauce Labs
```

sidebar_label: XCTest plan
---

import useBaseUrl from '@docusaurus/useBaseUrl';

<p><small><span className="sauceGreen">Real Devices Only</span></small></p>

### XCTest Plan Support at Sauce Labs

> Sauce Labs offers native support for XCTest Plans, making it easier than ever to run your entire iOS test suite in the cloud with
> minimal configuration changes. With this new capability, you can leverage XCTest Plans to organize, customize, and scale your test runs
> efficiently on ***Sauce Labs' real devices.***

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Sauce Labs provides native support for XCTest Plans, making it easier than ever to run your entire iOS test suite in the cloud with
minimal configuration changes. With this new feature, you can leverage XCTest Plans to organize, customize, and efficiently scale your test runs
on Sauce Labs' real devices.***
```

### What is an XCTest Plan?

An XCTest Plan is a feature in Xcode that allows you to define multiple configurations for running your test suite. It enables better test
organization, selective execution of test cases, and more granular control over test behaviors—without modifying your test code.

### Why Use XCTest Plans on Sauce Labs?

> XCTest Plans provide greater flexibility and control over test execution, and with Sauce Labs' real device cloud, you can maximize
> efficiency, scalability, and reliability. Here’s why running XCTest Plans on Sauce Labs is a game-changer:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
XCTest Plans offer increased flexibility and control over test execution. With Sauce Labs' real device cloud, you can maximize
efficiency, scalability, and reliability. Here’s why running XCTest Plans on Sauce Labs is a game-changer:
```
